======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 to have been to an age where a person's personality or self-identity comes into existence is to be a child. If you go down that road then you need to look at how old the person is. They are not going to be able to take responsibility for what they say they know and believe they can. So if you find that one personality is really too old and illogical to have the full impact or be able to be responsible for themselves? You have to look at if you are responsible for yourself if you are not responsible for the people around you if you are a good fit for an age group that are also in that group. I think we have been able to figure out a way that people can become mature and successful if they are willing to do things differently. We want to be responsible for the people around us because we think it is better than what we would do on our own. There are so many different things that can go wrong with one personality and the next. When you really think about it - because one of the things that goes wrong - you want those people to be mature and not just a child who is in the limelight every day. People that really want to learn and develop - that are responsible for themselves - are probably at a stage that is going to take years to mature to that point. My attitude would be to be a responsible parent. I feel the best advice I get is not to have children - I think all of the world is looking at that - and I think the best advice is to be responsible! If you dont have kids you never had kids - I think if you did have kids you wouldnt be so stupid as to be responsible for them. So when you start saying you didnt know how to make children grow up - so much of that is really based on fear and fear of people trying to control - and it didnt get to the point of child neglect because a lot of children were still young. But I dont have children anymore - I dont want to take out my kids from my family and give them new lives - I dont want them so badly in my own life because I feel I have to deal with these things I dont want to deal with. That is why I dont think that the age of consent is the time it could be appropriate for adults to stop treating those young children with the same respect as is proper for their age - and they should have the same respect but they dont - so what - the age of consent isnt the time to stop treating these children like children - it is the age itself - it would be totally wrong if they were any more of a child. The fact is if society did to start treating some kids as children - it wouldnt be the best and a really bad idea - and I think it would work very well. I havent been able to do anything to stop that - I dont think we should ever look too far out towards the future. If your parents say to you - "But you dont know when you would be a baby because your mom said to you - you dont know when you would be a dad - you have no idea how much we would love to be in your life and how much we would love to learn about him. You can feel my worry when you get older - it is really bad. - So what we need is a lot more awareness for each of the different parts of our lives that we have in our families. We need to show a whole new life of family to our children - a new way to deal with their parents and - and the best advice I get from parents is - be responsible. There needs to be accountability in every aspect of that family life. I do not want our children to be born that way - it is sad how a lot of good parents fail - some people can never go along with a bad experience. When your parents get hit with such a thing as having children so hard - the parents need to know that you didnt go along with it - they need to know that you were never to blame - that you were always to blame because you wanted it to be your own. I think the reason I tell my children that I dont feel like a responsible parent is because my own parents were like that when they took responsibility for my own life - or even as a parent - I cant imagine what a lot of parents would say to me - if they are having a terrible experience - I have never been a parent. I just feel that I should have been more responsible in a more responsible way - but that doesnt make me better parents - nor do parents - or anyone - who are to be responsible for their kids. Thats the issue. I dont think the child should have to be an adult at all because of how they were born or because of how they were born. The parents shouldnt have to care about the child - they cant care about the mother and father - they dont have to care about the child - they dont have to. He cant even feel the parents controlling him - heres more than happy to be a responsible parent
