======== SAMPLE 1 ========
.

(S)  <|startoftext|>

"I love to cook," explains Shao Ming-hee. An engineer with three wives and a three-year-old daughter under his care, he has never taken an interest in politics, especially not that of young politician Kwon Eun-yeol.

Kwon was forced to flee her family back in 2007 after an illegal nuclear energy plant exploded. But her only son who is a senior bureaucrat, she cannot bear the thought of her past and her second daughter. When her marriage fell apart due to her son's suicide (both were killed in the explosion), she and her son and daughter lived in a house belonging to the former wife, whom she had taken into her second wife's arms. After she retired in March 2008, she sought refuge in the home of an orphan girl, with the sole child to be hers.

The young woman, who suffers from mental illness, becomes deeply enmeshed in the life of a wealthy businessman who makes a fortune with the nuclear reactors he sets up in the South of Bong-joo. The three young women spend a large amount of time together at their home, where they meet a young man named Jung Woo (Moon Jung) who she marries. He's one of the "old married people" who comes from a humble background to the wealthy elite in the form of Choi Yoo (Song Yong) and her daughter, who's a college student, respectively. As the story unfolds through the women's eyes, it is revealed that he is part of a large network of underground financiers.

For decades, the three women struggle to get a foothold in the society, their only means of survival. They are the only one who can keep the peace between parents and children. Their friendship soon falls apart when one day, the youngest brother, Jin Yong-hyon (Gang-Wook) meets his mother on the street. As he follows his mother's murder, he comes to believe that his mother is one of the culprits responsible. After discovering the identities of the three suspects, which the two sets of killers were known to each other but did not publicly report them.

When the woman was just 12 years old, she was given over to a woman that claimed the family fortune, which allowed her to be married off. However, the latter would soon betray her husband. At the age of 14, after being forced into marriage, Joon-hee, Jin-hee's aunt and her son's first wife, dies.

On his way to the West Bank, Kang Jae-min (Lee Ki-yong) and her daughter, Son-hee (Cho Eun-jung) fall for the same man. It is revealed that Son-hee went to live with her aunt in the United States after her uncle was murdered in Hong-pong (A restaurant owner and his lover) and Son-hee is the main target of a mob that tries to kill everyone. The three people who die as a result of the gun battle are her mother and son-in-law.

Son-hee is a single mother who lives alone with her twin son, a handsome, successful man. But he is a child of a wealthy family. She is determined to find a way to repay for the debt he incurred by the Japanese government. In a similar vein, Lee Jung-eun (Kim Won-hee) was a police officer in prison under Kwok of the North Korea government.

Kim Yoo-hee (Kim Young-eong) was the youngest child of a wealthy industrialist who was sentenced to death for smuggling. She was an only child when she and her family were evicted from their home in North Korea after their employer lost his fortune. After being separated from her parents, the young man and his sister, Kim Sun-hee (Kim Soo-young) flee to the UK. In the aftermath of a riot in South Hamhung, the families that were loyal to the late Kim Kyung-jin (Jo Jae-hye) in their struggle to reentrant and reclaim the land.

In the novel (the film version of which features some foreign characters as well as a Korean protagonist) a former high-profile actress turns to a wealthy widow in a way that would otherwise cause her to turn to stone. The former actress and two-time Olympic figure skater, Han Myung-jin (Kim Hong-jin) returns from the dead. She joins a group of young women to find a young boy to whom she cares deeply. The young boy who she turns to after her heart is fractured by the loss of her father. Their first meeting is tense and the young lovers become intimate. He is a boy known for his good sense, cunning and ruthlessness.

The story revolves around two lovers that get married in a row. The wife who was a school girl becomes a widower and the girl's
